It's been a long time since we wanted
record a video showing how it's done
powdered milk and then on several visits that
I did it here in mauá
I discovered that you can do it here at the plant
pilot is a place that is part of the
food engineering laboratory and
where students can see in practice
these equipment that exist
big industries if you don't know the
harm to the institute located in São Caetano
from the south, 30 minutes from the center of São
paulo and is well known for its courses
engineering but it's much more than that
the bike has more than 100 laboratories and
In addition to engineering, there is also
administration and design and it is logical to
milk powder making machine before
I'm here with Professor Edson